ShowFieldGlyphs Documentation Rewrite (#16)
SCIInstitute/scirun.pages: _includes/modules/ShowFieldGlyphs.md

**Detailed Description**

> The field in the first input port holds the data that is to be visualized. By default is will be displayed using the the default color, which is editable from the GUI If there is a color map attached to the second input port, then the data can be used as an index into the color map, and the glyph is rendered with appropriate colors. In addition, the data itself can be converted into a color. **Scalar** data creates a gray scale mapping, **vector** data (normalized) creates RGB colors, and the **principle eigenvector**c (normalized) of tensor data also creates RGB colors. For tensors, the vector magnitude of the 3 eigenvalues is used as the index into the color map. The absolute value of vector x, y, z components are used to generate RGB color components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The field in the first input port holds the data that is to be visualized. By default is will be displayed using the the default color, which is editable from the GUI If there is a color map attached to the second input port, then the data can be used as an index into the color map, and the glyph is rendered with appropriate colors. In addition, the data itself can be converted into a color. **Scalar** data creates a gray scale mapping, **vector** data (normalized) creates RGB colors, and the **principle eigenvector** (normalized) of tensor data also creates RGB colors. For tensors, the vector magnitude of the three eigenvalues is used as the index into the color map. The absolute value of vector x, y, z components are used to generate RGB color components:
```

Reviewer: Fix typo
